docs: update changes (#3261)
coreruleset/coreruleset: CHANGES.md

# OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS) CHANGES

## Report Bugs/Issues to GitHub Issues Tracker or the mailinglist

* <https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/issues>
  or the CRS Google Group at
* <https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.org/forum/#!forum/modsecurity-core-rule-set-project>

## Version 3.3.5 - 2023-07-18

> Important changes:
> 
> * Backport fix for CVE-2023-38199 in new rule 920620
> 
> Fixes:
> 
> * PL related issues in rule 921422
> * Move auditLogPart if it is in a chained rules where needed
> 
> Chore:
> 
> * Cleaning up PL1 tags
> * Move testing framework from ftw to go-ftw
> * Backport yaml test files fixes to support go-ftw

Reviewer: For the draft blog post announcement, I went through the associated PRs to be able to add proper attributions and to write slightly more detailed descriptions. We could copy-paste those descriptions into this proposed PR.

Or not, I don't mind :smile:

```suggestion
Important changes:

* Backport fix for CVE-2023-38199 from CRS v4 via new rule 920620 (Andrea Menin, Felipe Zipitría)

Fixes:

* Fix paranoia level-related scoring issue in rule 921422 (Walter Hop)
* Move auditLogParts actions to the end of chained rules where used (Ervin Hegedus)

Chore:

* Clean up redundant paranoia level tags (Ervin Hegedus)
* Clean up YAML test files to support go-ftw testing framework (Felipe Zipitría)
* Move testing framework from ftw to go-ftw (Felipe Zipitría)
```
